---
title : "How I will integrate teams"
layout : dev
categories : dev
---

<br/>
It's 6:30 am. I managed to get up early, something I have been too exhaused for a while to do.
<br />

Lets get started.
<br />

This is a continuation of my series working on my Uptime Monitoring software "IsItAll.Online". Today I will be creating the routes to manage and create teams as well as explaining the schema that I will be using.
<br />

Something that is very essential to do when developing (hardware and software). Is to keep the future in mind, you have to make a product that can last and might even solve issues before they arise.


<br />

This does not happen all at once, and usually you will optimize as you go. So sometimes I change my mind of how I will approach things through the article.
<br />


For each team I initially wanted to have the following attributes:

<ul class='list-disc'>
    <li>ID</li>
    <li>Name</li>
    <li>Members</li>
    <li>External Collaborators</li>
    <li>History</li>



</ul>
<br/>
<br/>

<a class='text-2xl'>The problems I solved before they arose.
</a>
<ul class='list-decimal'>
    <li>Giving the option for the creator to be on or outside the team</li>

    <li>People who create the teams might be external, and only need to create and update the teams permissions. But not be on the actual team themselves</li>
    <li>Just because someone wants to share something with the team, does not mean that they have to be on the team. This also will fall under external collaborators.</li>
    <li>Having only registered collaborators for team eliminates invite spam. Where someone can give a team permission to infinite entities, spamming them and not allowing them to work</li>
    <li>By logging the history, we can see who did what easily and identify issues quickly.</li>



</ul>

<br />

To further improve the backend and database I have decided to keep all members in one attribute, and instead categorize inside each member item as the respective type. This is to save space, reduce complexity, and allow expandablility in the future to different user types. Now if I want to add a new user type I just need to add that as an authorized one in the Validators, and it will all work. Instead of needing to add a new attribute to ever existing team.


- 
- 
- 
- 



Team:
    - Team members
    - Outside collaborators