---
title : "Creating 10atask to eradicate my decision fatigue"
layout : dev
categories : dev
---
<br/>
  
I mentioned in a previous post, (like 5 seconds ago). I don't have trouble working, I have trouble starting.

And I have so many possible things to work on, that I get extreme decision fatigue.

Something that works for a lot of people (and me at some point).

Is to just choose a task, and work on it for 10 minutes. Only 10. Not only will you find yourself getting done more than expected, but also you might even want to work more.

This stopped working for me because choosing a task became too difficult.

Recently I came up with the idea for and bought the domain "10atask".

Basically it will be a simple web app, where you put all the work you need to get done. And you click on a nice looking button. That button will randomly choose a task for you, and you will work on it for 10 minutes (or more should you choose).

Lets get started.

First what stack?

Database - MongoDB with Mongoose (Lets me add schemas and organize the database as well as create functions that interact with them)

Backend - Express.js with a directory format I have been using recently

Frontend - Next.js, a framework ontop of React.js. Using TailWindCSS for .... css

At first I want it to be very simple, just a clean looking page where the user can add tasks, and then clicking on the button will randomly choose a task for them to work on for 10 minutes. Then for those 10 minutes MAYBE it will lock and not let them pick another task?

This is a weird feature because it might help some, and make others hate it. We do have to have some control over the decision we make, maybe I could add a skip feature for 1 or 2 skips per day? And keep track of how many times a task is skipped.

I might add children tasks, but thats for later.


So, a simple website with a list. And a button. Lets make it look good.
