---
title : "How I plan to never stop"
layout : personal
categories : personal
---
<br/>
  
First off, this is continuing the last post. Which also means its 1:31 am. 

I am writing this on my IBM 5170 and have just figured out how to open the text editor in monochrome mode so it doesnt hurt my eyes. Onto the point.

I always say that a diet is not supposed to be a temporary thing, its a lifestyle.

If it is something you cannot maintain forever, then evenually you will burn out and quit. Therefore find things that you can do nonstop, and you will have no issue.

Yet there is one issue, another part of me belives that as humans we always need change. And some of us need it more than others.

My dad used to always point out how I was constantly reorganizing my room, at least once a week. Maybe thats a sign of something else, but what do I do with this information.

Sure I am always switching from one interest to the next. But for the time that I am interested in something, I go above and beyond in it. Learning in days what I should in weeks or months. 

<a class='text-xl'>Instead of focusing on the same things, I will focus on a consistent framwork that allows me to embrace the change</a>

This is something I never thought of before. And for a while I wanted to just schedule specific things, or only study certain topics for extended periods of time.

Instead what I would like to try to do, is to enable myself to swing through my interests, all the while building to a common goal. I would really like to document all my interests and what I learn on this blog.

This framework cannot be written with code, or at least machine code. It has to be human code.

I will sit on this for a bit, as it is a thought that is just occuring to me now. I am excited to see where it goes, maybe it could really help me.

Regardless, I would like to continue blogging to be able to keep track of my progress. 

Additionally, sometimes I feel like a creative. Which is really what I consider myself right now when writing code and explaining concepts. Unfortunatly it is not enough to be a creative in my own mind. In order to see that my work has value.
I feel like I need to see it in action. Thats why as I am learning anything, or thinking about cool things. I would like to write them down here, that way I have it as proof for myself.

PLus I have always wanted to have a repository of my knowledge.

Anyways I should try to sleep now, goodnight
