---
title : "RSA Encryption in 1989?"
layout : vintage
categories : vintage dev
---
<br/>



<a class='text-xl'>Introduction </a>
<br/>
<br/>

A little while back, I purchased some old tech from someone I found on Facebook Marketplace. Surprisingly a great place to find old computers and decent deals.

I don't know why, maybe because I was overpaying. Or just because he was a really cool guy (which he was). But he gave me 3 boxes worth of software and documentation, for free.

I stayed up till three in the morning organizing everything.

But something in this pile caught my eye. A grey box with 


<a class='hover:underline'>"RSA Data Security, INC".</a>
written on it. 

<br />Turns out, this is the company that acutally created RSA encryption. And I had no idea it was around for so long, let alone that I would come to possess an original UNOPENED boxed copy.

<br /> Before I get into how RSA works. Let me talk about the history leading up to it


<br />
<a class='text-xl'>The origin story </a>
<br/>

First we allegedly start in 1976 with the introduction of the Asymmetric public-private key. To sum up what that is: You have a private key, everyone else has YOUR public key. If someone wants to send you something that only you can read, they encrypt it with the Public key. And it can only be decrypted with your private key, which is what you have.

<br/>
<br/>

Ron Rivest, Adi Shamir, and Leonard Adleman set out to tackle the issue of creating a one-way function that was hard to invert. On Passover of 1977, after a celebration at a students house. Ron Rivest couldnt sleep, and formulized the idea that became RSA R(Rivest)S(Shamir)A(Adleman).

The idea of an asymmetric public-private key cryptosystem


https://people.csail.mit.edu/rivest/pubs/ARS03.rivest-slides.pdf



RSA has 4 main steps

<ul class='list-decimal'>
	<li class='indent-8'>
	<a>Key Generation</a>
	</li>
	<li class='indent-8'>
	<a>Key Distribution</a>
	</li>
	<li class='indent-8'>
	<a>Encryption</a>
	</li>
	<li class='indent-8'>
	<a>Decryption</a>
	</li>
</ul>


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSA_(cryptosystem)

<br />
<a class='text-xl'>Using the program</a>
<br/>


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSA_Security



