---
title : "I got another Thinkpad"
layout : dev
categories : dev
---


I have written mutliple post on multiple platforms talking about how amazing Thinkpads are. And how I completely ditched all other computers I was using, even brand new macs. For an 11 year old laptop. 
<br/>
<br/>

In June of 2021 I purchased my first thinkpad, it was an X220. And honestly I did not know about the other models. But I knew that this one fit my needs.
<br/>
<br/>

Not too sure what I was expecting, maybe a machine to play around with. Obviously I instantly put in an SSD. And then some RAM.
<br/>
<br/>

Let me say, the jump from 4 -> 8gb of ram is incredibibly noticable. And I highly reccomend maxing it out if you can.
<br/>
<br/>

Soon I started using the X220 for all my devlopment instead of my M1 Mac. And then entirly phased out the Mac from my life. 
<br/>
<br/>

Funny enough, I remember thinking I would use the Thinkpad in the subway, because its cheap and not a risk if it breaks or gets stolen.
<br/>
<br/>

I ended up treasuing the Thinkpad more, and would take the M1 Mac with me everywhere.
<br/>
<br/>

Next I got myself a X220T. The tablet version of the X220. Which in my opinion had a nicer screen, and I just started using it more.
<br/>
<br/>

Recently I have been craving some extra screen space. But don't want to give up everything else great about the laptop.
<br/>
<br/>

My next upgrade is the T420s, which is basically an identical computer. Just 14 inches, and all the ports are on the back.
<br/>
<br/>

I am super excited to get this and write about how it compares to my other experiences. 
<br/>
<br/>

Now I did find it for super cheap (70 dollars). I am optimistic about the condition that it will be in. And if the condition is good, the same seller on ebay has similar systems for 50$. Which I will definitily get, as these laptops last forever and I do not want to use anything other than them.