---
title : "No stress the night before an exam?"
layout : personal
categories : personal
---
<br/>
Today I had just completed a pretty major exam. It was for my Operation Service Management class.
I would say I was most stressed for this exam. But while I was taking it, I actually, enjoyed it?? Everything was pretty straightfoward and the work and prep that I did payed off.

<br />

Now its 1am, I have another final tommorrow (technically today), yet I feel amazing.

Infact my routine has been that of when I have NOTHING to do the next day. Have I already mentally entered summer?

Anyways, a couple of blogs ago, I mentioned creating a framework that would allow me to jump from interest to interest without disrupting my workflow.

Since I was dealing with finals and wrapping up this semester of college, I didnt get to work on that. But since the summer will be starting tommorrow for me and I have some pretty awesome development things planned for summer.
IN the 2 weeks that I will actually have a break for, I wish to develop this structure. Not just mentally, but also physically and (software wise).

Something that would be really cool, is to make a quick template generator for my custom Next.js projects. Honestly implementing Login/Register/Navbar, and all that stuff each time is such a pain and prevents me from getting any real work done. 
So that is going on my list for what I should proritize. Anyways my screen is starting to break (white glow). So I will call it here 

Goodnight!

  
